# Projects
## Rate My Co-op
At [HackBeanpot](https://hackbeanpot.com/), my team created a webapp to allow students to rate their co-op and interview experience. 
- Inspiration: At Northeastern, students are prompted to review their courses at the end of the semester in an internal system. These anonymous reviews are then visible to other students to read through when they pick their own courses to take. This information has been really helpful for us during our college careers as it has allowed us to understand our workloads better when building schedules, and ensuring that we take courses with the professors we think are best fit to our learning styles. We wanted a similar system for co-ops, being able to review a co-op experience or interview experience helps provide valuable informatino to students to know what they're getting into. For example, knowing that an interview process is long and that a company typically takes a while to respondis helpful for a student working with tight deadlines. Knowing more about the culture at a company can help a student decide whether or not they think they are a good fit.
- Implementation: We used Vue.js for our front-end and Flask as our back-end, with MongoDB to store our data. Although I helped to debug our Python Flask code, I primarily worked on the front-end for this project. I created our home page which displays the companies in our database, our company adding form, and review forms. I also worked on the routing for our front-end, where our main challenges were passing data between our components.

Our project can be found [on github](https://github.com/estern1011/trace-4-coop).
